# An Inception Cohort Study Quantifying How Many Registered Studies are Published.

This is a repository for the reproducible manuscript by Eline Ensink and Daniel Lakens. 

We quantified how many research studies registered on the Open Science Framework (OSF)are performed but never publicly shared.  Examining 315 registrations revealed that 169 wereresearch studies, of which 104 (62%) were published. For the whole population of registrationson the OSF before November 2017 we estimate 58% is published.  Researchers use registriesto make unpublished studies public, and the OSF policy to automatically make registrationspublic substantially increases the number of performed studies that become known to the sci-entific community. It is often challenging to identify whether public registrations are publisheddue to a lack of information in registrations.  In responses to emails asking researchers whystudies remained unpublished, logistics (e.g., lack of time, researchers changing jobs) was themost common reason, followed by null results and rejections during peer review.  Our projectshows a substantial amount of data that researchers collect is never publicly shared. Selectivelypublishing studies is problematic because of the possibility that the resources used to collect thedata are wasted, and if the publication of studies depend on the results their non-publication cancause bias in the scientific literature. Although it is common knowledge that researchers havestudies in their filedrawer, it is extremely difficult to quantify how many studies in psychologyare performed, but never published. The OSF has a policy to make all registrations public afterfour years.  This allows us to perform the first inception cohort study on the OSF where weattempt to examine for registered studies if they end up in the scientific literature after at least4 years. A better understanding of how many studies remain unpublished, and the reasons whyresearchers did not publish studies, enables researchers to seriously engage with the questionhow internal inefficiency in science can be reduced.
